Only apply default-members when building root manifest (#6755)
rust-lang/cargo: src/doc/man/options-packages.adoc

By default, when no package selection options are given, the packages selected
depend on the selected manifest file (based on the current working directory if
`--manifest-path` is not given). If the manifest is the root of a workspace then
the workspaces default members are selected, otherwise only the package defined
by the manifest will be selected.

> The default members of a workspace can either be set explicitly with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default members of a workspace can be set explicitly with the
```

I think *either* used in this way needs two clauses within the same sentence.  It reads a little more clearly to me without it.

> `workspace.default-members` key in the root manifest. If this is not set then

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`workspace.default-members` key in the root manifest. If this is not set,
```

> for a virtual workspace this will include all workspace members (equivalent to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a virtual workspace will include all workspace members (equivalent to
```

> passing `--all`), or for a non-virtual workspace it will include only the root

Reviewer: ```suggestion
passing `--all`), and a non-virtual workspace will include only the root
```
